yeah good even easy
I'm Bob rapido send him a wry smile on
the face of Ross Taylor Chuck Eve is
gonna cause problems again once he
continues boarding as he did the other
evening and one cheese and he's giving
him again pop goes the finger dragger
about it send this up
very confident appeal from jacket
again celebrations in the stands from
the barbarous trading supporters what
he's done
on their edge and a little maybe a
little bit unfortunate for the young man
but the boys turning is difficult Shaka
takes his third wicked 44:6 and the Red
Steel really up against it got him this
time
brought him around his legs so he was
having fun out there right now but
trying to celebrating bank time what a
performance by them it's what the crowd
in their feed also this is a bit of a
domination
so forty four seven
three wickets in the over and that's
another one my goodness what is going on
here
are they on some suicide pact or
something terrible terrible shot from
some old Audrey
like that five before so he could
overtake the Hortense Minh and that's
another one
record bowling figures here at
Kensington oval another catch by Chiron
collar and really all the celebration
belongs to the Barbados traders